Fix odd back of links caught by link checker (#2402)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/frames_vtol/vtol_tiltrotor_eflite_convergence_pixfalcon.md

:::note
The original [Horizon Hobby *E-Flite Convergence*](https://www.modelflight.com.au/e-flite-convergence-vtol-bnf-basic.html) frame and [Pixfalcon](../flight_controller/pixfalcon.md) have been discontinued.
Alternatives are provided in the [Purchase](#purchase) section.
:::

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/E61P2f2WPNU)

## Where to Buy

Vehicle frame options:
- **WL Tech XK X450** - [Banggood](https://usa.banggood.com/XK-X450-VTOL-2_4G-6CH-EPO-450mm-Wingspan-3D-or-6G-Mode-Switchable-Aerobatics-RC-Airplane-RTF-p-1533418.html), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005001946025611.html)
- **JJRC M02** - [Banggood (AU)](https://au.banggood.com/JJRC-M02-2_4G-6CH-450mm-Wingspan-EPO-Brushless-6-axis-Gyro-Aerobatic-RC-Airplane-RTF-3D-or-6G-Mode-Aircraft-p-1588201.html), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4001031497018.html)

Flight controller options ():
- [Pixhawk 4 Mini](../flight_controller/pixhawk4_mini.md)
- [Holybro Pixhawk Mini](../flight_controller/pixhawk_mini.md).
- Any other compatible flight controller with small enough form-factor.

> ## Hardware Setup
> 
> The vehicle needs 7 PWM signals for the motors and control surfaces:
> - Motor (left/right/back)
> - Tilt servos (right/left)
> - Elevons (left/right)
> 
> These can be configured in the [Actuators Configuration](../config/actuators.md) by following the instructions for VTOL tiltrotor geometry and output configuration.
> Note that you will need to start from the [Generic Tiltrotor VTOL](../airframes/airframe_reference.md#vtol_vtol_tiltrotor_generic_tiltrotor_vtol) frame.
> 
> Note that left and right in the configuration screen and frame reference are defined from the perspective of a human pilot inside a real plane (or looking from above, as shown below):
> 
> 
> <img src="../../assets/airframes/types/VTOLTiltRotor_eflite_convergence.svg" width="300px" />

Author: ```suggestion
## Hardware Setup

The vehicle needs 7 PWM signals for the motors and control surfaces:
- Motor (left/right/back)
- Tilt servos (right/left)
- Elevons (left/right)

These can be wired to flight controller outputs more-or-less as you desire.

The outputs and configured in the [Actuators Configuration](../config/actuators.md) by following the instructions for VTOL tiltrotor geometry and output configuration.
Note that you will need to start from the [Generic Tiltrotor VTOL](../airframes/airframe_reference.md#vtol_vtol_tiltrotor_generic_tiltrotor_vtol) frame.

Note that left and right in the configuration screen and frame reference are defined from the perspective of a human pilot inside a real plane (or looking from above, as shown below):

<img src="../../assets/airframes/types/VTOLTiltRotor_eflite_convergence.svg" width="300px" />

```

- **WL Tech XK X450** - [Banggood](https://usa.banggood.com/XK-X450-VTOL-2_4G-6CH-EPO-450mm-Wingspan-3D-or-6G-Mode-Switchable-Aerobatics-RC-Airplane-RTF-p-1533418.html), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005001946025611.html)
- **JJRC M02** - [Banggood (AU)](https://au.banggood.com/JJRC-M02-2_4G-6CH-450mm-Wingspan-EPO-Brushless-6-axis-Gyro-Aerobatic-RC-Airplane-RTF-3D-or-6G-Mode-Aircraft-p-1588201.html), [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4001031497018.html)

Flight controller options ():
- [Pixhawk 4 Mini](../flight_controller/pixhawk4_mini.md)
- [Holybro Pixhawk Mini](../flight_controller/pixhawk_mini.md).
- Any other compatible flight controller with small enough form-factor.

## Hardware Setup

The vehicle needs 7 PWM signals for the motors and control surfaces:
- Motor (left/right/back)
- Tilt servos (right/left)
- Elevons (left/right)

These can be configured in the [Actuators Configuration](../config/actuators.md) by following the instructions for VTOL tiltrotor geometry and output configuration.
Note that you will need to start from the [Generic Tiltrotor VTOL](../airframes/airframe_reference.md#vtol_vtol_tiltrotor_generic_tiltrotor_vtol) frame.

> This mapping is reproduced below.
> 
> Port | Connection 
> --- | --- 
> MAIN 1 | Motor right
> MAIN 2 | Motor left
> MAIN 3 | Motor back
> MAIN 4 | empty
> MAIN 5 | Tilt servo right
> MAIN 6 | Tilt servo left
> MAIN 7 | Elevon right 
> MAIN 8 | Elevon left 
> 
> Note that left and right in the reference are defined from the perspective of a human pilot inside a real plane (or looking from above, as shown below):

Author: ```suggestion

Note that left and right in the configuration screen and frame reference are defined from the perspective of a human pilot inside a real plane (or looking from above, as shown below):

```

## Hardware Setup

> The vehicle needs 7 PWM signals, which must be connected to the flight controller outputs as specified in [Airframe Reference > VTOL Tiltrotor > E-flite Convergence](../airframes/airframe_reference.md#vtol_vtol_tiltrotor_e-flite_convergence). 

Author: @sfuhrer The eflight doesn't have a config any more. Would you just start from the second tailsitter option under https://docs.px4.io/main/en/airframes/airframe_reference.html#vtol-tiltrotor ?

This airframe doc doesn't say anything about the motors or support for elevons. I "imagine" you can map all the actuators as shown below, but can't try it. Can you confirm whether this might be possible using normal Actuator configuration steps. Any "gotchas"?

Basically I'm after enough information to know whether this can still be done, and to enable a beginner to do it, if they have the Actuator Config screen.

Author: Thanks. I'll update appropriately!

```suggestion
The vehicle needs 7 PWM signals for the motors and control surfaces:
- Motor (left/right/back)
- Tilt servos (right/left)
- Elevons (left/right)

These can be configured in the [Actuators Configuration](../config/actuators.md) by following the instructions for VTOL tiltrotor geometry and output configuration.
Note that you will need to start from the [Generic Tiltrotor VTOL](../airframes/airframe_reference.md#vtol_vtol_tiltrotor_generic_tiltrotor_vtol) frame.
```
